what's up guys x mark Jack's here this
is part 2 of cly's Warsong Gulch at
level 29 as a sub broke if you haven't
seen part 1 go check it out right now
before you want to this video so it's
gotten back over midfield for their
massive Oh team decide to take out this
guy out real quick but ambush doesn't
crit that's pretty rare I have a pretty
high ambush percent crit chance cuz i am
a sub broke and i'm expected to it so
see the water over probably us very
easily here and i don't really want to
jump in this because it's three on one
that would be too pretty for my part so
i don't i don't really have anybody here
helping me out and i am you know stealth
up invisible to them i'm just i'm
actually gonna decide to go and try to
take out their FC get us give me some
experience have them cap and make
everyone happy so I'm heading down
tunnel now and we'll see what I can
accomplish by myself this is a little
risky here because you know usually
there's more than one putting up some
defense for their FC and right here I
see a hunter pretty decently geared I'm
going to stop him kind of a mistake he
knows I'm here now so I'm pretty much
not going to take the chance of him
coming in the battle late when I'm
taking up the FCC somewhere hot back
over here and under the assumption that
he's gonna come back looking for me I'm
gonna try to take him out ambush does
not create crippling poison does not
apply that's just my luck gouge him back
stab and I'm gonna be able to take him
out but it was pretty sloppy it was a
pretty sloppy kill not my usual
assassination but hey it worked out so
why not all right I'm gonna head back
over to roof because I checked any every
other aspect or where the FC might be
I'm gonna see that great fire but
judging by the map he's in the base so
checking out roof see what I can pull
off here looking if this is possible for
me to accomplish this alone and yes it
is two people both under a thousand
health I'm gonna take him out real quick
with the ambush that didn't even create
he's going to try to get away now get
distracted sapped ambush did not work
for some reason i might have right
clicked on the enemy before i ambushed
him but that would take him on a lot
sooner so yet another sloppy kill I
guess I wasn't nervous when I was in
here and that was a pretty much a
mistake for me but I was able to do it
by myself so I was pretty sweet so
they're taken out I'm trying to get him
that cap I don't
what RFC's doing hunters back for some
revenge but that's not map and I don't
really want to get involved in this so I
RFC pretty much is either new to the
game or he's just trying to mess with us
i'm going to save that guy's life real
quick it looks like he was dying to me
so I'm head back and stealth and head
back up over here so they managed to
grab a flag before our guy can capital
is a plenty of time to cap I don't know
what he was doing but okay I'm SAP the
hunter and one shot this guy Wally SAP
that was pretty nice 716 ambush crit
gonna get the stealth right as the
Warlock comes up on me glad he didn't
put a Do tme gonna stop him and get away
that was pretty impressive on my part if
I do say so myself and I trying to brag
or anything but I'm glad and died there
that would have been a not pretty
picture for me so I'm gonna head back
out over here and see what I can do on
the outs outskirts so we do end up
capping don't let them get too far with
our flag so that was pretty nice so now
that our win is imminent I'm just going
to see what else I can do in terms of
finding a stranded alone enemy and that
would be pretty nice for me or at least
a group of enemies but the majority of
them are distracted to where I can
easily pick off somebody and they
wouldn't really notice too much what's
going on Oh like I just died in one shot
what just happened I don't know so yeah
I asked I got to give me a blessing of
Kings cuz i am almost at 2000 health I
mean I'm not 20 at 29 but at least I had
the courtesy to get some gear so decent
gear I mean and I know a lot of good in
chanters so through some new band chance
on I mean do i do still have like level
19 boots or whatever but the dungeon
gears really really nice you know the
random dungeon gear so I'm gonna take
out this guy real quick or at least try
to and it was it was a decent kill not
too bad didn't get the killing blow but
I did some work to take him out to the
health so you see I turn around and I
see their FC coming down now this is
really really nice check it jump off
stealth ambush crit to return the flag
and get away it with a blink of an eye I
mean that couldn't have been faster that
was awesome and that they really didn't
see what was coming there so you see I
get a 450 or 460 basic ambush crit
because I have that
upon me that increases on my damage
dealt so that was really nice it will
take him out pretty easily but on his
death was going to happen anyway because
really was so many alliance so I'm gonna
try to take out this shaman here I
really don't like fighting shamans their
totems are pretty annoying so you the
truth but do you manage to take him out
head back over to their gy and see what
I can pull off here gonna try to take
out him couldn't give a sap off these in
combat but I was able to take him out
not the killing blow again but most of
his damage dealt was because of me gonna
stealth up and head back over to their
gy they have our flag and we don't have
theirs you see this hunters at a very
low percent health he thinks is going to
get away not gonna happen sap ambush one
shot get out there before he knew what
just happened that was pretty funny type
he didn't know what hit him he thought
yeah well he had that a HUD regen to get
itself hit himself to almost full but
you see I pretty much fail here I tried
to vanish and ambush him again for the
kill but he has his retaliation up and
he a ways to get me out of here so
there's nothing I can do there's a lot
more whore than our alliance over here
and I'm just going to try to leave calm
back wait for this D of T and see if I
come back for their FC but that was
pretty much a screw-up on my part I mean
I should have anticipated his AoE but
one of our alliance guys Sprint's up
there and grabs a flag so they don't cap
or anything but he said I got disengaged
into his death that was pretty funny he
thought he was going to get out of there
but nope not gonna happen don't want to
tussle with this warrior here he is
pretty decent gear so I'm going to get
out of there before anything ugly occurs
on my part gonna pick this last guy off
and that would be my last kill so that's
pretty much it for me are when this
pretty much guaranteed at this point my
stats for this game 28 killing blow 63
honorable kills 0 deaths 24.1 k damage
and to flag returns almost 100 honor
gained that was a pretty good game for
me i usually get those now and then but
that sub rogues the idea of not dying
awesome really really fun welp that's it
for this video if you want to see
immortal crap videos in the future you
haven't subscribed yet be sure to
subscribe the post will be
now I promise and that's pretty much all
I got to say peace out and until next
time